o) Use a 16-bit window counter rather than an 8-bit one so we have an 8MB window
   rather than a 32KB one.
   XXX Preliminary tests show this to be a big throughput hit.  Need to check
       whether the gains are worth it.
o) Don't let a peer claim to have our UUID?
o) Permanent storage.
o) Decide whether to keep a std::set (or something fancier) of hashes associated
   with each UUID (i.e. ones we have sent to them).  We could even make it a
   set of <UUID,UUID,hash> so that we can distribute updates like routing
   tables.
o) Do lookups in the peer's dictionary and ours at the same time.
o) Put a generation number in the hashes so that if the remote side recycles a
   hash, we can do something about it.
o) Actually, just use names instead of hashes, but look up data by hash and then
   use its symbolic name to refer to it.  Names could just be incrementing 64-bit
   integers, or a mix of the hash with a counter, or any number of things.  The
   key here is to limit, or detect, reuse.  If we use a 56-bit hash, we can keep
   the top 8 bits for a generation number.  Other possibilities arise.

   For now can we just track hashes that have been evicted and not reuse them, or
   warn every remote peer when they first connect?  Like, keep an eviction list
   for each UUID we speak to, even.  All the hashes for a 2GB cache would add up
   to 8MB.  Surely that's worth it?  Should we just keep generation numbers for
   every hash we've ever generated?

   Really, we need a master index of hashes, because this is effectively what we
   want for a good two-level cache system.  Then we can store a generation number
   there, and modify the protocol to send a generation number along with the
   hash.  This is more overhead, but by keeping it out of the hash we avoid the
   need for a two-level lookup, of finding name by hash.  Then on each reference
   or definition, the peer can simply decide whether we need to make an eviction.
o) Allow the user to limit how many frames we send without receiving an ADVANCE.
   That's not trivial because we have to be able to restart the encoder once we
   get ADVANCE.  Still, only a few hours of work.
